README.md, before:

# hellodecentralizedworld

## About Hello Decentralized World
The aim of this project is to offer a visual tool that displays all the active projects in the Blockchain ecosystem.
I would like to prove that Blockchains are not only about Cryptocurrencies and that Cryptocurrencies are not only about buying and selling. 

## Project Road Map
The very first version at [http://hellodecentralized.world
](http://hellodecentralized.world) is just categorising the projects by industries or fields they are aiming at. It is also a simplified version where I assume one project can only belong to one industry/field. However, future versions of the site should include improvements in the following areas:

### Features
- Search Bar
- Navigation Bar for different Categorization methods

### Categorization
- By industry/field (current), where each project tackles one main industry/field
- By industry/field, where each project can tackle more than one
- By platform, this is, nowadays, mostly Ethereum. However, more and more projects are moving to Cosmos, for instance.
- (Maybe other ways)

## Special Thanks to:
I would've not been able to build this website in such short time without the following open-source projects.
A big, huge thanks to all of you:
- Bootstrap 3
- Shuffle.js
- jQuery throttle / debounce
- AcasA Programming

Commit message:

updated project roadmap on readme

README.md, after:

# hellodecentralizedworld

## About Hello Decentralized World
The aim of this project is to offer a visual tool that displays all the active projects in the Blockchain ecosystem.
I would like to prove that Blockchains are not only about Cryptocurrencies and that Cryptocurrencies are not only about buying and selling. 

## Project Road Map
The very first version at [http://hellodecentralized.world
](http://hellodecentralized.world) is just categorising the projects by industries or fields they are aiming at. It is also a simplified version where I assume one project can only belong to one industry/field. However, future versions of the site should include improvements in the following areas:

### Features
- Data: Include name and short description of project that shows up when clicking/hovering onver the images
- Search Bar
- Navigation Bar for different Categorization methods

### Categorization
- By industry/field (current), where each project tackles one main industry/field
- By industry/field, where each project can tackle more than one
- By platform, this is, nowadays, mostly Ethereum. However, more and more projects are moving to Cosmos, for instance.
- By consensus protocols (blockchains)
- (Maybe other ways)

## Special Thanks to:
I would've not been able to build this website in such short time without the following open-source projects.
A big, huge thanks to all of you:
- Bootstrap 3
- Shuffle.js
- jQuery throttle / debounce
- AcasA Programming
